-: Welcome back.
In this lecture, we are going to create the
front end deployment and the front end node port service.
So let's go ahead and then complete that now.
So let's go to our queue based definition, copy it,
and go to our front end deployment and paste it.
So now we are going to create the kindes deployment
and it's function is going to be app/V1.
So now in metadata,
there are two things which we need to focus.
One is name and the second is labels.
So name is going to be
front end and NGINX app, right?
It is going to be a front end app, right?
So and in labels we are going to say app is equal to same.
We can try and then put the same front end
NGINX app, okay?
And tier, we'll say, front end.
Good.
So now we have completed the core section here
and now we'll focus on this specification section, okay?
So as usual, we know that for deployment
we'll have replicas, selector
and template are the three high level objects
under the spec.
Okay?
So now replicas will give three
and in selector we'll have the match labels.
And under match labels we'll provide the label as
app is equal to front end NGINX app.
This is the same match label we need to provide
whenever we are creating the port specification here, right?
So and now under the template
we are going to create the port specification
and port specification will have something called
metadata and then spec.
Two things under that.
The (inaudible) under templater, metadata
and then spec, right?
So now in metadata, as usual we can have name.
So ideally whatever the name we give for the pod here
it is going to take or take the reference
from the deployment name.
So ideally we really don't need to give name here.
So we'll focus on labels and we'll have two labels here.
One is app and the other is tier.
And tier is going to be front end
and app is going to be front end NGINX app.
Good.
So now the next thing is going to be
specification of our container, right?
So containers, we are going to have containers
as a list of things.
And under that we are going to have a container
and then image name, okay?
So let's go ahead and then define those things, okay?
And we'll also have something called ports
and I am going to say container port is going to be 80
and name of my container is going to be
front end NGINX app and the image,
I'm going to bring that from my GitHub repo.
My docker hub repo. Okay?
So let me go to my stacks simplify here.
Right?
So where is this?
Yeah, repositories.
And let's go to Kube front end NGINX, okay?
So this will have the my backend service as the proxy.
Okay?
So let me copy this still here and I'll paste it.
:1.0.0, right?
So this completes the deployment creation
and now we'll go ahead
and then create the front end node port service.
So as you shall go ahead
and then copy the base definition here.
So let's define the service.
Kindes is service and the version is B1
and metadata will have name and then labels
and in name we'll say front end
NGINX app
output service and labels.
I'll define it as
front end NGINX app.
Okay?
So let me remove this and tier.
I'm going to say this is a front end tier, right?
Front end, okay?
And now, in specifications
we'll have three things here.
Okay?
Type, selector
and then ports.
Okay?
So type, we are going to define it as an output service,
that is good,
and selector, which is nothing
but to which part it needs to send that traffic to
from the service.
So we'll go to here
and then find the part specific label here.
App is equal- sometimes we do that typo.
So always go
and then get from that respective port template, okay?
So it is always good to do that way, okay?
And then in ports we'll have http ports here
and I'll say port is nothing
but plus drive service port and target container port
which is going to be 80 and north port.
So till now our demos 3, 1, 2, 3, 1, 2, 3, 2, 2, 3, 3
over and we'll use 3, 1, 2, 3, 4 for us.
Okay?
If you don't define I'll automatically
cluster will provide
that dynamic IP here in that respective range.
Okay?
So we are going to define it 3, 1, 2, 3, 4.
So this completes the creation of service two.
So let's go back to our command line
and then create those things.
Okay?
KubeCTR here apply hyphen F
and zero three and then hyphen F zero three is deployment
and zero four is front end north port service.
So let's see if it creates and if not any issues.
Okay?
So it created that deployment Kubectl get ports
so we'll see what are the ports it's going to create.
So it's created three front end ports, no issues.
Okay, so I'll say Kubectl, get svc
and our front end engineers app node port
service also open running.
So now we need to get our
nodes public IP and then access it in browser.
Copy any of the nodes, public IP here
so I can copy this one, this one, whatever it is, right?
So I'll copy this and go to the browser
and I'll create it.
So let me close this talker hub.
So we have 1, 2, 3.
Now we are going to create one more
and then I'm going to say 3, 1, 2, 3, 4.
And the context of my hello world application is hello
and I got the output.
So now let's clear here.
Kubectl get ports right?
And you can see that backend rest app.
And then this is the the port idea, right?
So we are getting 56 4 xn, okay?
So how the load balancing is happening
we can even continuously refresh and then see that, okay?
So see 4 DCNS, okay?
So one more time if we refresh, it might go 56 4 xn.
So it is load balancing across all the parts.
As soon as we refresh we are getting different IDs here
right?
So that's about it.
So we have successfully completed creating our backend
and front end applications using Kubemanifests here
and then deployed and then tested end to end.
Okay?
So in our next lecture we are going to learn little bit
about recreating the objects using Kubectl apply
and then understand better about it.
I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.